# SpyGUI
SpyGUI-C2 is a powerful Python-based backdoor tool designed to infiltrate target systems and execute espionage activities covertly. This tool generates Python-formatted malware files with diverse payloads, enabling flexible and effective system infiltration and control.

The control methods of SpyGUI-C2 include:

1. **Get cookie from website**: Allows attackers to gather cookie information from websites accessed by the victim's machine, thus potentially gaining access to their online accounts.

2. **Access cmd**: Provides access to the victim's Command Prompt, allowing for remote execution of commands and system management tasks.

3. **Screenshot**: Captures screenshots of the victim's machine, providing attackers with a direct view of their activities and information.

4. **Get route address**: Collects the route address information of the victim's machine, aiding in geographical location determination or network structure identification.

5. **Upload file to victim's machine**: Enables remote uploading of files or malicious code to the victim's machine, opening up opportunities for more complex attacks.

6. **Read file from victim's machine**: Allows attackers to access and read files from the victim's machine illicitly.

7. **Display Messenge MSGBOX**: Presents pop-up messages on the victim's screen, which can be used to deliver fake or deceptive messages.

With its flexible capabilities and potential malicious intent, SpyGUI-C2 poses a significant threat to any system and requires high vigilance from network administrators.
# Note
- Additionally, it's worth noting that the malicious files generated by SpyGUI-C2 can only run on Windows-based computers.

# Install 
```
git clone https://github.com/Phamchie/SpyGUI-C2
cd SpyGUI-C2
python3 spygui.py
```
- Using SpyGUI-C2 or any similar tool to create and distribute malicious software is illegal and unethical. Engaging in unauthorized access to computer systems, collecting sensitive information without consent, and causing damage to computer systems are all serious offenses that may result in legal consequences, including fines and imprisonment. It's important to always comply with relevant laws and regulations regarding computer security and cyber activities.
